.TH "tartrc" "5" "1.0.0" "Mark Veinot" "LinuxTaRT configuration file format"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
\fB.tartrc\fR \- Configuration file for LinuxTaRT
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
LinuxTaRT uses a configuration file called
\fBtartrc\fR. This configuration file is searched for
in the following location:
.LP 
~/.tartrc
.SH "PARAMETERS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fBCustomText1\fR = \fIstring\fR
Signature header or text to replace %c1 in template.
.TP 
\fBCustomText2\fR = \fIstring\fR
Signature footer or text to replace %c2 in template.
.TP 
\fBSignatureFile\fR = \fI/path/to/signature_file\fR
Location and name file to write the sigature to.
.TP 
\fBTagLineDatabase\fR = \fI/path/to/tagline_database\fR
Location and name of tagline database. (defaults to /etc/tart.tags)
.TP 
\fBSpecialDates\fR = \fI/path/to/special_dates\fR
Location and name of special date file.
.TP 
\fBCustomFile\fR = \fI/path/to/template\fR
Location and name of layout template.
.LP 
The following settings may be overridden from the command line.
.TP 
\fBRunQuiet\fR = \fI0|1\fR
Display information during executution.
.TP 
\fBShowDate\fR = \fI0|1\fR
Display the date in the default signature.
.TP 
\fBShowVersion\fR = \fI0|1\fR
Display the LinuxTaRT version in the default signature.
.TP 
\fBCenterText\fR = \fI0|1\fR
Center the text in the default signature.
.TP 
\fBUseCustomText\fR = \fI0|1\fR
Generate signature from template or use default layout.
.TP 
\fBUseSpecialDates\fR = \fI0|1\fR
Check special date file for special dates.
.TP 
\fBRunAsDaemon\fR = \fIseconds\fR
Run as a daemon and wait this many seconds between updates.
.SH "FILES"
.LP 
~/.tartrc
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
tart(1) tartdates(5) tart-custom(5)
