.\" LinuxTaRT is a fast, efficient and highly customizeable email signature generator.
.TH "LinuxTaRT" "1" "1.0.2" "Mark Veinot" "Signature Generator"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
LinuxTaRT \- generates email signatures
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
tart [\fIoptions\fP]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
TaRT generates email signatures based on a variety of rules and settings. It can make use of a template to allow the user to produce 100% customized signatures.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-a, \-\-add\fR
Prompt for a new tagline and enter it into the tagline database. (requires write permission on database file).
.TP 
\fB\-d, \-\-display\fR
Display current signature and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
Display a help message and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-k, \-\-kill\fR
Terminate TaRT in daemon mode.
.TP 
\fB\-p, \-\-proc\fR
Display current status and PID (if applicable).
.TP 
\fB\-l, \-\-license\fR
Display software license.
.TP 
\fB\-s, \-\-setup\fR
Run built\-in configuration tool.
.TP 
\fB\-\-daemon <seconds>\fR
Start in daemon momde and wait <seconds> seconds between updates.
.TP 
\fB\-\-template <filename>\fR
Run TaRT with the custom file specified here.
.TP 
\fB\-\-config <filename>\fR
Run TaRT with the config file specified here.
.LP 
The following options may be set in the configuration file. The command line parameters will override other settings.
.TP 
\fB+/\-c\fR
Enable/disable signature centering. (disabled)
.TP 
\fB+/\-cust\fR
Build signature based on template. (enabled)
.TP 
\fB+/\-n\fR
Enable/disable date in signature. (enabled)
.TP 
\fB+/\-q\fR
Enable/disable quiet mode. (disabled)
.TP 
\fB+/\-sd\fR
Enable/disable special dates. (enabled)
.TP 
\fB+/\-v\fR
Enable/disable TaRT version information in signature. (enabled)
.SH "FILES"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB~/.tartrc\fR
Configuration file, the location and name of the following files can be set here.
.TP 
\fB/etc/tart.tags\fR
Tagline database. Contains taglines, one per line.
.TP 
\fB~/.signature\fR
File where signature is written.
.TP 
\fB~/.tart-tustom\fR
Signature template.
.TP 
\fB~/.tartdates\fR
List of special dates.
.SH "ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES"
.LP 
.TP 
\fBHOME\fP
Specifies the users home directory
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP 
To run TaRT using default or stored settings:
.LP 
tart
.LP 
To run TaRT quietly:
.LP 
tart +q
.LP 
To run TaRT as a daemon and generate a new signature every 5 minutes:
.LP 
tart \-\-daemon 300
.SH "VERSION"
.LP 
This man page was written for LinuxTaRT version 3.08
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Mark Veinot <mveinot@gmail.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
tartrc(5) tartdates(5) tart-custom(5)
